Review MaskedEntry control. (#659)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/maskedentry/overview.md

---
title: Overview
page_title: .NET MAUI MaskedEntry Documentation - Overview

> description: Try now the Telerik MaskedEntry for .NET MAUI formatting and restricting text to predefined patterns, and providing input validation and masks.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Try now the Telerik UI for .NET MAUI MaskedEntry formatting and learn how to restrict the accepted text based on predefined patterns with the help of input validation and masks.
```
